feat: Mention collected data per integration (#69)
codacy/pulse-user-docs: docs/one-click-integrations/github-integration.md

1.  Choose the strategy that fits best your workflows, or turn off the automatic deployment detection.

    ![Choosing a deployment triggering strategy](images/ghi-strategy.png)

> ## Collected data
> 
> After being configured, the GitHub integration will collect data from your organization and convert it to [Pulse's data model](https://ingestion.pulse.codacy.com/v1/api-docs#tocs_event) to calculate the metrics shown on the UI. In the following table you can see how data from GitHub is used to calculate each of the metrics:
> 
> | Pulse Event | Source                                                                            | Fields                               | Used in                                                                                                                          |
> | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | Changes     | Pull request commits                                                              | identifier → commit uuid              | [Accelerate dashboard](../metrics/accelerate.md)                                                                                 |
> |             |                                                                                   | timestamp → commit author date[^1]   |                                                                                                                                  |
> |             |                                                                                   | system → repository name             |                                                                                                                                  |
> | Deployments | Pull requests, git tags, or none ([configurable](#deployment-detection-strategy))  | identifier → pull request id          | [Accelerate dashboard](../metrics/accelerate.md)                                                                                 |
> |             |                                                                                   | system → repository name             |                                                                                                                                  |
> | Reviews     | Pull requests                                                                     |                                      | [Lead time and reviews dashboard](../metrics/lead-time-reviews.md), [Work in progress dashboard](../metrics/work-in-progress.md) |
> 
> [^1]: Pulse uses the commit author's date since it is more accurate. The committer date can be changed (e.g.: rebases) which does not reflect the real origin of the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Collected data

The table below lists the data that the GitHub integration collects from your GitHub organization, together with:

-   The mapping between the data collected from GitHub and the [Pulse data model](https://ingestion.pulse.codacy.com/v1/api-docs#tocs_event)
-   The metrics that Pulse calculates from the data to display on the dashboards

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th><strong>Data collected from GitHub</strong></th>
<th><strong>Mapping to Pulse data model</strong></th>
<th><strong>Used in</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
    <td>Pull request commits</td>
    <td>
        <p>Changes:</p>
        <ul>
            <li><code>change_id</code>: commit UUID</li>
            <li><code>time_created</code>: commit author date<sup><a href="#commit-author-date">1</a></sup></li>
            <li><code>system</code>: repository name</li>
        </ul>
    </td>
    <td>Lead time for changes on the <a href="../metrics/accelerate/">Accelerate dashboard</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>Pull requests, git tags, or none (<a href="#deployment-detection-strategy">configurable</a>)</td>
    <td>
        <p>Deployments:</p>
        <ul>
            <li><code>deploy_id</code>: pull request ID</li>
            <li><code>system</code>: repository name</li>
        </ul>
    </td>
    <td>Deployment frequency and Change failure rate on the <a href="../metrics/accelerate/">Accelerate dashboard</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>Pull requests</td>
    <td>
        -
    </td>
    <td><a href="../metrics/lead-time-reviews/">Lead time and reviews dashboard</a>,<br/><a href="../metrics/work-in-progress/">Work in progress dashboard</a></td>
</tr>
</table>

<span id="commit-author-date">1</span>: Pulse uses the commit author's date since it is more accurate. The committer date can be changed (e.g.: rebases) and stop reflecting the real creation date of the change.

```

Author: much better! 😁

1.  Choose the strategy that fits best your workflows, or turn off the automatic deployment detection.

    ![Choosing a deployment triggering strategy](images/ghi-strategy.png)

## Collected data

> After being configured, the GitHub integration will collect data from your organization and convert it to [Pulse's data model](https://ingestion.pulse.codacy.com/v1/api-docs#tocs_event) to calculate the metrics shown on the UI. In the following table you can see how data from GitHub is used to calculate each of the metrics:
> 
> | Pulse Event | Source                                                                            | Fields                               | Used in                                                                                                                          |
> | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | Changes     | Commits                                                                           | identifier → commit uuid             | [Accelerate dashboard](../metrics/accelerate.md)                                                                                 |
> |             |                                                                                   | timestamp → commit author date[^1]   |                                                                                                                                  |
> |             |                                                                                   | system → repository name             |                                                                                                                                  |
> | Deployments | Pull requests, git tags, or none ([configurable](#deployment-detection-strategy)) | identifier → pull request id         | [Accelerate dashboard](../metrics/accelerate.md)                                                                                 |
> |             |                                                                                   | timestamp → pull request merged date |                                                                                                                                  |
> |             |                                                                                   | system → repository name             |                                                                                                                                  |
> | Reviews     | Pull requests                                                                     |                                      | [Lead time and reviews dashboard](../metrics/lead-time-reviews.md), [Work in progress dashboard](../metrics/work-in-progress.md) |
> 
> [^1]: Pulse uses the commit author's date since it is the more realistic one, due to the commit date usually representing the push and not an actual code change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After being configured, the GitHub integration will collect data from your organization and convert it to [Pulse's data model](https://ingestion.pulse.codacy.com/v1/api-docs#tocs_event) to calculate the metrics shown on the UI. In the following table you can see how data from GitHub is used to calculate each of the metrics:

| Pulse Event | Source                                                                            | Fields                               | Used in                                                                                                                          |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Changes     | Pull request commits                                                              | identifier → commit uuid              | [Accelerate dashboard](../metrics/accelerate.md)                                                                                 |
|             |                                                                                   | timestamp → commit author date[^1]   |                                                                                                                                  |
|             |                                                                                   | system → repository name             |                                                                                                                                  |
| Deployments | Pull requests, git tags, or none ([configurable](#deployment-detection-strategy))  | identifier → pull request id          | [Accelerate dashboard](../metrics/accelerate.md)                                                                                 |
|             |                                                                                   | system → repository name             |                                                                                                                                  |
| Reviews     | Pull requests                                                                     |                                      | [Lead time and reviews dashboard](../metrics/lead-time-reviews.md), [Work in progress dashboard](../metrics/work-in-progress.md) |

[^1]: Pulse uses the commit author's date since it is more accurate. The committer date can be changed (e.g.: rebases) which does not reflect the real origin of the change.
```
